About Airstack
Web3 data APIs for developers
Instantly integrate on-chain and off-chain data into any application.
Airstack is a web3 developer platform that provides powerful APIs for integrating on-chain and off-chain data into any application. With Airstack developers are able to easily connect their applications to the web3 ecosystem.
Airstack enables GraphQL queries that combine on-chain and off-chain data from multiple sources in a single response. Our goal is to enable developers to query and integrate relevant web3 data and serve it up to users without requiring heavy infrastructure or even a back-end.
Airstack identity APIs map addresses and transactions across various sources, including ENS, Farcaster, Lens, POAP, Dapps, and Marketplaces.
Key Features
GraphQL APIs. Get the exact data you need in easy-to-integrate formats; no back-end is required.
AI Automation. Query with natural language. No code required to get started.
Complex made easy. Query across multiple projects, wallets, and blockchains, and combine on-chain and off-chain data in a single response.
Identity APIs. Map addresses and transactions across various sources, including ENS, Farcaster, Lens, POAP, Dapps, and Marketplaces.
Snapshots. Query historical data, balances, and transfers, within the time range or length of holding.
Collaboration built-in. Browse, remix, or fork from a public marketplace of queries and APIs
More details for developers
Access every on-chain transaction since the genesis block along with dapp-specific events and NFT marketplace data
Simultaneously query and combine on-chain and off-chain data
Powerful features such as resized NFT media, date snapshots, comparators, Farcaster, POAPs, primary ENS, and more
Leverage the power of GraphQL, more advanced than Rest APIs: Get at just the data you require in single-complex-queries
Integrate into any web2/3 app without any additional infrastructure
Webhooks for streaming updates (coming soon)
Open source schemas and APIs for adding additional data, dapps, and protocols into Airstack
Get started today with Ethereum and Polygon. More blockchains coming soon
